Matt Huss III: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, hear me. Oh.
I thought my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Headphones work connecting up or something.
Matt Huss III: Okay, I'm
Matt Huss III: hanging in there I am, I'm struggling with
Matt Huss III: being stuck in the house, basically.
Matt Huss III: My, my only time I really enjoyed was
Matt Huss III: Going to campus and you know socializing and
Matt Huss III: Classes and stuff. That was my only real
Matt Huss III: Time that I enjoy part of the day that I, you know, really enjoy so on and and I don't think I probably told you but I told my vehicle I'm
Matt Huss III: A little while ago so
Matt Huss III: Sorry, I wanted to get one in
Matt Huss III: One sec.
Matt Huss III: Mr. We're
Matt Huss III: Moving
Matt Huss III: I just
Matt Huss III: Like when I
Matt Huss III: When I don't think about it, it's good. But I'm in group. Last night I almost broke down because I was like
Matt Huss III: I was telling me they were asking how everybody's doing. And I'm like, you know, I'm going crazy because of this, you know, like I just told you before,
Matt Huss III: And everybody else was like what are you talking about this is we get to stay home and do whatever we want all day and hang on. I have nothing to do
Matt Huss III: That like that's not I shut down. I, you know, over the weekend there was
Matt Huss III: Two or three days where I did just did not get out of bed, basically.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, um,
Matt Huss III: So, so yeah, so I'm having a hard time with that.
Matt Huss III: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did they make it in your area that you can't leave your house, unless it's a necessity.
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, taking a walk is a
Matt Huss III: Necessity and
Matt Huss III: It's only been a week.
Matt Huss III: For us, but
Matt Huss III: I guess it's just me like thinking about it and then like you know how I
Matt Huss III: Spiral and thing. Worst thing possible out of every option or outcome that could happen. I'm always assuming or
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so maybe it's me, like, just like
Matt Huss III: Because I I already know from experience. If I'm you know stuck somewhere in a house or somewhere like you know without a vehicle and, you know,
Matt Huss III: I shut down and become depressed.
Matt Huss III: And so I'm like scaring myself into it. Basically, I don't know how else to explain it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally understand. But you've got to find things that you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the entry I'm of not being able to go to school, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Parents is can you take a walk.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, it's just
Matt Huss III: Um,
Matt Huss III: I hate walks so much
Matt Huss III: Everything.
Matt Huss III: I've ever had. Is old need to take walks
Matt Huss III: You know i just i when i when I'm feeling up to it when I've been clean long enough, I start going to the gym and that like does wonders for me. But those are closed down now but
Matt Huss III: I just, I cannot stand walks like I will do it. If I have to get something that I absolutely need
Matt Huss III: Yeah, you know, but I need a purpose somewhere to go and then come back can't just walk around, you know, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understood. How was the sale going before all this happened.
Matt Huss III: Well, we haven't started it yet we're still cleaning up the house because he just owns so much random crap. It's unbelievable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so
Matt Huss III: You know, we've had a break for the last few days.
Matt Huss III: Because of
Matt Huss III: Just, you know, the sale date isn't until this upcoming weekend or something. So we've had a few days to relax and rest until but because of that I shut down and you know yeah myself into depression. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: After a few days of that I forced myself to get up and work a little bit here and there, you know, on my real more on the house.
Matt Huss III: I'm working on essays that they're not do for like another two weeks now, because of the virus.
Matt Huss III: They extended, you know,
Matt Huss III: But it's, it helps to, you know, read and write at least if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your mind busy.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, and and and I enjoy it because all my classes are philosophy.
Matt Huss III: Except for one of my philosophy classes is early modern so that's
Matt Huss III: A cop Descartes, through can't
Matt Huss III: You don't mind but
Matt Huss III: We're not up to him yet and I cannot stand all of them.
Matt Huss III: I just I just like that one class I'm so I hate, but it's still about as bad as math or chemistry or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah, I remember having some classes that I absolutely procrastinated on getting anything done because I had no interest in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: what it was about. But, you know, we just gotta persevere right through it and do it anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He said that you know what I mean. Definitely.
Doing
Matt Huss III: You know, but I'm worried because that class, my other two
Matt Huss III: Got extended two extra weeks and nothing to do. And those are the two classes that I've been working on because I like the subject.
Matt Huss III: The one that I hate starts this Monday, I think.
Matt Huss III: The end of the real spring break if it was normal.
Matt Huss III: And it's all the classes are going to be online for the rest of the semester.
Matt Huss III: And I am
Matt Huss III: Horrible at arm. I've tried, I tried taking an online course, once and I've never done it again because I was so not disciplined enough you know activated it too much. And yeah.
Matt Huss III: Plus
Matt Huss III: Us, like I said, my only
Matt Huss III: The only time I am
Matt Huss III: You know that my anxiety and depression doesn't shut me down enough where I'm able to go socialize is in class in school and stuff so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, now you got to find alternatives to that you know that in person connection. What about. I know that you were talking about going on another date. What happened with that.
Matt Huss III: forgot all about it. Actually, it was doing it was supposed to be doing that weekend where I shut down and forgot all about it actually until you just mentioned it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wasn't on the top of your top of your list, even if you guys together with one other person. You know what I mean is still a lot safer again.
Matt Huss III: I don't, I don't have like friends like that. No, I haven't been here long enough and the time that I have been here, it's been, I've had too bad of anxiety and depression. And because of recovering that I haven't actually made any friends. Sure.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so there's nobody I can really, you know,
Matt Huss III: call and talk to you know
Matt Huss III: I've actually never I've no matter where I am. I've never, I never take the time to make friends. For some reason, because
Matt Huss III: I've always had
Matt Huss III: Any of my free time, I would spend with my wife, basically.
Matt Huss III: Or whoever I was with
Matt Huss III: Before that, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have this girl that you're supposed to have a date with
Matt Huss III: Yeah, and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mean it's like it's it's just really working within the boundaries that you know that you have to work with. And if it means you know what I mean, reaching out to the one person that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you did have plans with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just trying to even if it's just phone conversations or you know what I mean. But just keeping that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: on the forefront of your mind. You know what I mean.
Matt Huss III: But I, I, I hate the phone to I hate texting and talking on the phone like it's
Matt Huss III: self defeating or contradictory or whatever but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to step out of your comfort zone, a little bit and you did pretty good on video chat.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that this is actually been
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I've never, I've never done video chat until this program actually
Matt Huss III: The first people I've ever talked to, well, since I moved here. I've done it a few times.
Matt Huss III: To see, you know, the kids and you know but besides that I've never actually
Matt Huss III: Spent time talking to somebody
Matt Huss III: I'm phone. Definitely not your by far the longest I've ever spent talking on the phone with somebody, let alone video chat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: While you're doing a great job. See, you can do it.
Matt Huss III: Well, yeah. Because, because I know I could say whatever I want to you or anything that comes into my head.
Matt Huss III: It's not, you know, I've finally it's taken years and years and it's taking well 20 years of relaxing and trying to clean. And finally, this time to
Matt Huss III: Get rid of that one that anxiety to talk, be able to talk to a therapist. You know,
Matt Huss III: The one person that you should should be able to talk to without anxiety. You know, it's taking 20 years to do that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's it takes what it takes. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does. It's about trying to do something different. And, you know, it makes me wonder
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just about what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is the underlined reason that you don't connect with people like you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean what you heard in the past. Do you have abuse in your past. No.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: I was extremely self absorbed.
Matt Huss III: Most of my life. I know that.
Matt Huss III: Were
Matt Huss III: You know, even in high school, I didn't have friends I had people who I partied with, you know,
Matt Huss III: So I've never really had a friend and I've moved to so often that I've never actually had a
Matt Huss III: Good friend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At a time that you could connect with somebody
Matt Huss III: Yeah, no, never not entire life.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, there's somebody that I would call you know my best friend, or a good friend, a real friend. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: I've never had that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, maybe once you get moved and get settled that might, that might be something to explore
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah and and I started to try to
Matt Huss III: When I first got here after a little while, of, you know, being clean. When I got here before I knew I was moving right back.
Matt Huss III: But the one person or anybody that
Matt Huss III: I would start connecting with, you know, the thing is to go grab a beer after class.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: I can't do that. I have one or two beers and I'm like stupid drunk because of my anxiety medicine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Matt Huss III: Um, and, and I'm too much of an attic to not have any beer.
Matt Huss III: With just a friend or something, you know,
Matt Huss III: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's some good self actualization. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You stay away from the places that you know are risky places and you know that that one is risky.
Matt Huss III: And it's it's taken a long time to do that.
Matt Huss III: I did go out on one date.
Matt Huss III: To
Matt Huss III: You know this place. It's a brewery, but they have like games, you know,
Matt Huss III: Like basketball hoops and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gain investors.
Matt Huss III: Like
Matt Huss III: That cornhole basically not not not as cool as that but you know
Matt Huss III: But still I couldn't help myself from having
Matt Huss III: You know, one or two many
Matt Huss III: Beers
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah
Matt Huss III: Stop it, just one or two.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that was your date that you went on a couple weeks ago.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I wasn't, you know, I didn't make an ad out of myself like I used to.
Matt Huss III: I was able to
Matt Huss III: Stop eventually and actually eat something.
Matt Huss III: So progress there.
Matt Huss III: But now I still
Matt Huss III: Was
Matt Huss III: Yeah, but
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: No. Um, yeah, I tried it. I didn't get a chance to tell you
Matt Huss III: I don't think she ended up being way older than her profile or pictures let on. So that yeah so that
Matt Huss III: It it pissed me off, but
Matt Huss III: It ended up being a good time because I was not
Matt Huss III: You know, nervous or anxious in the whole time I was just like, whatever, I'm here, I might as well just enjoy myself and hang out with somebody, I wasn't trying to impress or, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Well, I mean,
Matt Huss III: I can't help lock picking scabs and then making myself bleed.
Matt Huss III: Just cannot not do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a nervous piece of it too. But also, did you ever use math.
Matt Huss III: I
Matt Huss III: That like right before moving out of Florida.
Matt Huss III: I tried it a couple times because this girl I was, you know, seeing was really bad, which I didn't she hid from me really well. I didn't know it, but she was so I've tried it a couple times, but
Matt Huss III: I was able, I moved before it became a problem or before I, you know, did it too many times where it became
Matt Huss III: You know, that was lucky actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, because that is definitely something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, it's, it's an obsession about about that. You know what I mean. And
Matt Huss III: I don't like because the one time I snorted it I hated it.
Matt Huss III: And you will never do it again.
Matt Huss III: But with this girl we
Matt Huss III: Her. She would shoot it up. So that's the way I tried it and that way is really great.
Matt Huss III: But it's only for you know 10 or 20 minutes, you know, for the rush. But yeah, so I don't really know the appeal in it. Unless, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's why I was asking because sometimes we pick up when we have a history of methamphetamine use we pick up certain traits.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That even in sobriety. We continue
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and picking is one of them. That's why I was asking.
Matt Huss III: Oh no, I've done that since I was a little kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, boys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Boys. I love her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, always there. They've always yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any young boys that I've ever known pick
Matt Huss III: I think my scabs and my fingernails and my toenails instead of like cutting them.
Matt Huss III: Now you hear them for some reason. I don't know why.
Whole life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's so funny. I was just talking to somebody else about biting fingernails and the nervous. You know, it's a, it's just a nervous reaction, you know, we get in the habit, we get in the habit of doing those things. And that's how we continue to do them, you know, you have to consciously
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not and when you're, you know, when you're on autopilot. You're not conscious at all you know is do these things, no matter what because it's a habit. Right. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: It's definitely got Leah, if I didn't pick it up before I started my medication, then I'd probably be fine. But yeah, now it's just something I don't even think about it and I just do it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you got to be conscious when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go and find yourself become aware that that's what you're doing. You know what I mean.
Matt Huss III: The weird thing is I actually, to some extent, I actually enjoyed doing it like, especially in scab one. I don't know why.
Matt Huss III: Does it work. Yeah, it does. But I don't mind it. I don't mind the pain, you know,
Matt Huss III: I don't know, it's weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, it's not really weird because you think about people that struggle with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With self harm.
Matt Huss III: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happens is they don't have to think about the things internally, because then they become focused on the things externally. The external pain becomes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A relief some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on there's like a relief in that. And so that makes perfect sense, you know, to me,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, now I think of it.
Matt Huss III: does to me as well.
Matt Huss III: As far as the never wall. I'm thankful. I'd never, you know, did any real trick like Siri.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. And so what do you tell me some of the things that you can do while we're in this whole lockdown.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: stuff that you can do that will help you get out of your head.
Matt Huss III: Well, reading and writing is one that but, and then I I love to paint, but I have to be
Matt Huss III: Like I've never painted, or really read to a good extent, you know, well I have since this time being clean. But really, I've never done any hobbies, unless I was
Matt Huss III: You know, pretty high on some kind of opiate
Matt Huss III: Where you know and then where I'd feel that I would get motivated enough to do something. I actually enjoy doing.
Matt Huss III: You mean like even right now. And when we get off the phone. I would I would
Matt Huss III: Love to be able to go paint something, you know, but I, I know I won't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Matt Huss III: You know, like
I think
Matt Huss III: There's no, there's no motivation, um,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, that's the thing. I don't, I don't know what else I enjoy doing. That's, that's, that's another big thing is I've never picked up actually any hobbies, because of
Matt Huss III: My hobbies, have been
Matt Huss III: Just figuring out ways to alter my state of
Matt Huss III: My consciousness. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had motivation to do that. And so it's really taking a look at that piece and saying, How can I motivate myself to find things that I like to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That give me pleasure, while I'm, you know, being in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that you have to replace it right you got to replace you know that piece of it because that artistic piece of news is still there. And it doesn't have to be medicated to come out. But you've got to be able to tap into it. And you know what I mean, and be motivated to tap into it.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, I'm never, I never feel creative of my son.
Matt Huss III: I'm an opiate
Matt Huss III: Or on enough bentos one of the other or
Matt Huss III: You know out of my head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
I was like,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I can't think of what to paint or like, you know, let alone feel like it but I can't even figure out what depending or what to write
Matt Huss III: One. Um, yeah, clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to start like and these are you know little suggestions that might help. But like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you dream.
Matt Huss III: Very, very rarely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do
Matt Huss III: I just started very once in a while.
Matt Huss III: Since I got clean
Matt Huss III: But I've never really in my life.
Matt Huss III: Until now that I'm cleaning my house. I have a couple times why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, because you can definitely start there. Like when you get up in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. What you drink.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you monitor what your mind is telling you when you're sleeping. I mean, there's definitely you know a lot of telling in
Matt Huss III: The only ones that I can really think of right now, was literally
Matt Huss III: Being
Matt Huss III: So anxious or feeling like I'm supposed to be doing something that's it woke me up, you know, or it's all been very negative feelings. Well, I'm
Matt Huss III: Sure. Anytime I've dreamt
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, that will help process if if it is negative, that can help process that negativity to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take two minutes when you get up and just write what your dream was and then close it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't touch it until the next time the dream, but you'll, you'll see this pattern within you know your subconscious in that manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would be pretty amazing, you know, even if you wrote in a journal like in the beginning of recovery, you start writing in a journal. It doesn't have to be anything specific. But just your thoughts and your feelings and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Throughout the first year of recovery, you can actually watch the difference
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your thought process and your feelings and the stability that comes throughout that process.
Matt Huss III: It's kind of amazing. That's actually. Yeah, sounds very inspiring.
Matt Huss III: That actually might motivate me to write a journal or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe take a tablet, or if you had a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: folder that you could just jot it down. You know what I mean, good and bad.
Matt Huss III: Please, somebody last Christmas all my birthdays Christmas Eve. So I'm not sure what
It was for
Matt Huss III: People just give me one gift for both now.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Every book i i i get spent the same amount of money on then everybody else.
Matt Huss III: Gets twice a year, I get one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Change, for sure.
Matt Huss III: That never used to happen, but it did once a year old.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: Um, somebody just wanted somebody
Matt Huss III: Close to me, gave me a
Matt Huss III: Actually they talked about it beforehand. My daughter bought me this.
Matt Huss III: One of those quill pens.
Matt Huss III: Mm hmm. So cool. It's like so cool. I don't even want to use it you know it came with a little bottle of ink, you know, really big white feather.
Matt Huss III: But anyways, and so the other person bought me this really nice leather bound journal. That's like
Matt Huss III: I will. I can't show you but
Matt Huss III: It's perfect. It would be perfect for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be pulled him out.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Times are using them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just monitor your thought but it's it's it's amazing. Like I have journals that I did, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My first year. And I'll tell you what, it's amazing because for me when I read it. It's like, oh my god, I was really thinking in that manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And then to see the difference, you know, to be an inconsistency. First off, because it helps us get motivated. It helps us be consistent. It helps us get our feelings and our thoughts out good and bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you could actually I could actually watch going from this chaos.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, to you know to normalcy, and it was almost like that. It's like watching yourself from the outside in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of inside out.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that's, that's actually what I find most interesting about him. What might actually motivate me to do it is that long term goal of being able to see how my mind went from, you know,
Matt Huss III: Now to
Matt Huss III: You know when I actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you get to a year.
Matt Huss III: He. Well, it's been about a year now and I'm still just as
Matt Huss III: Messed up as anybody is, you know, mentally, but, um, so hopefully in a couple of years. I don't
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just gonna throw a few things out there. You are not as messed up is what you think you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Number one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's just in the time that I have been working with you. I can tell you, you are not as messed up as what you think you are, I think you don't
Matt Huss III: Do that.
Matt Huss III: That's not true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you and I first started talking, you were very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're very kind of guarded a little bit but your, your thought process was very. This is the only way I can explain it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Compared to to where you are now. And you've got to give yourself credit for that progress that you've made because you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you don't see it. You don't feel it. It's there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Matt Huss III: It'll be nice when I actually feel it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's one way for you to be able to monitor it and see see things from a different perspective to
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that sounds really cool man.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, if I can motivate my dad. Yeah, that might be the first thing that you know because I don't do one thing every day.
Matt Huss III: You know anything
Matt Huss III: Shave, you know, yeah. Yeah, nothing except go to the bathroom and sleep.
Matt Huss III: The only things I could think of. And I do at the same time every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every day.
Matt Huss III: Every day you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. The basic
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so there's gotta be something I start something somewhere. I gotta start
Matt Huss III: That makes some kind of routine or consistency.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what a perfect time
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you're not in school and you're still doing papers, but you get to slow down the pace on those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have all this free time right now and you're going stir crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know what a great time for you to be able to start building on a routine that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can possibly last you even when you go back into school
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you just got to take that first step in and do it that one time and then after you do it that one time. Then the second time becomes easier.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I want to point out also that you know your first year of recovery, your first year. This past year, you know, have you been working on changing your thought process or managing your emotions or have you just been kind of going with the flow and staying sober, day by day.
Matt Huss III: I have
Matt Huss III: I worked with therapist before you, which took
Matt Huss III: Like six months, even to just start talking to. That's why it took. That's the only reason it took so quick for me to open up with you because I I it, it took six to eight months just to not just sit there, you know, and actually talk
Matt Huss III: But and and I have been working on become more and more self aware
Matt Huss III: You know, things that I say that might be hypocritical or, you know, just I have been doing things to better me as a person, as far as
Matt Huss III: Like
Matt Huss III: Well, what what is possible to do when
Matt Huss III: You're alone or just your father's around, you know. So not much, but I, yeah, the more especially, the more I read philosophy and stuff, that helps.
Matt Huss III: Open up my mind and think. Try to think differently and
Matt Huss III: think differently about things that I never would have before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But so again.
Matt Huss III: I'm not, I'm not as much as I could or should you know
Matt Huss III: What you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's, that's another piece of it is that. You've just identified things that you are working on and that you are doing. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know humans. It's human nature to to really focus on what we're not doing or you know what what we don't have versus, you know what, we do have and what we are doing.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I really believe x x or x press people are, you know, messed up in the head people. You know what I mean like are more
Matt Huss III: Wise if they do come out of it ever and become clean and normal. They're a lot more. They're definitely way more self aware. Yeah, most people and and but I still that that brings up another thing I know it's kind of off topic, but
Matt Huss III: I'm still in a you know that phase they call divorce stage, I guess, or that stage where
Matt Huss III: You know, I, I feel like I'm never going to feel as good as I did.
Matt Huss III: That's one part
Matt Huss III: It's like nothing again in my entire life you know even sex is never going to feel as good as
Matt Huss III: You know, shooting up
Matt Huss III: oxycodone
Matt Huss III: But the thing I was thinking of is
Matt Huss III: Just getting up every day to go to work. I think I've said this actually kind of same thing is scares the hell out of me.
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: That that just constant monotony.
Matt Huss III: Of life.
Matt Huss III: As has scared the hell out of me for a long time. And I think that a big reason I've used as an excuse or justification or not even
Matt Huss III: That might be much deeper than that naturally have used because of it you know of out of
Matt Huss III: A FEAR OF
Matt Huss III: Yeah, it's a very existential crises kind of thing.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that, that, that
Matt Huss III: That
Matt Huss III: There's still there's still aspects of me, where if I have the chance to alter my consciousness in some way. I will take it so now
Matt Huss III: Once in a while. It's become very, very rare, like, oh, which is real progress.
Matt Huss III: Like I've made I've made.
Matt Huss III: Bounds of, you know, strides, whatever you aren't call it in that area. But, um,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, there's still
Matt Huss III: Things that scare me about becoming normal, I guess. Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, okay. So first off, you're never going to be normal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're always going to struggle with, with an addicted brain right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Matt Huss III: Would like to go away.
Matt Huss III: One day away. Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so if we have this mindset that are addicted brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is a burden, then we can never get out of that cycle of that's what it is, but I believe 100% you're right that people that become
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Struggle with addiction, whether it be something because they are predisposed to it by their generational factors in our family or environment, whatever it is, I believe that we are the most smartest, we are the most self aware
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Compassionate people that there are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we have a step up of people that claim to be normal. Because what is normal. These days, right, if there's no Leave It to Beaver foundation anymore, you know, to begin that's gone white picket fence is gone. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the great part about it is, people that that live every day and don't experience that inner change that has to happen when we struggle with addiction, they never get the opportunity to have the self evaluation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or to learn how to be 100% honest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be comfortable in their own skin become comfortable in their own skin. So the issues that they have they're unaware that there's another way to live.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, but I wonder if you know that saying ignorance is bliss, you know,
Matt Huss III: I wonder if you know, normal people, you know, even though they're, you know, a lot of them are hypocritical and very, very unselfish where most like 90% of people say
Matt Huss III: Are very on self aware
Matt Huss III: But they have no clue. They, you know, they
Matt Huss III: They enjoy their life for their work, you know, or, you know, the people that do enjoy their, their work.
Matt Huss III: Or even the people that don't enjoy their work, they still
Matt Huss III: are okay with doing it.
Matt Huss III: Just everything everything yeah and
Matt Huss III: But they don't know any different. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's this whole piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That if you've never experienced pain you've never experienced love
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about it in those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Terms about people don't live these lives that are okay and being ignorant, they've never really lived
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we've had the opportunity and the experience to be in the most excruciating pain, ever, but also to appreciate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The small things in life that they take for granted.
Matt Huss III: And I, and I tell myself that a lot, and I've experienced it where you know even if I'm
Matt Huss III: Not when I'm shut down depressed. But when I'm
Matt Huss III: Sad or even sad or hurt or something. But I'm not shut down from my, you know, depression or anxiety symptoms like you know those things.
Matt Huss III: I still let enjoy it because I'm I feel something. I'm not just numb. And I wonder if that's kind of, you know, because we've had such highs and such lows. You know that's that's basically what scares me to like about it is those, you know, normal people.
Matt Huss III: They don't know, like you said, they don't know what real love is because they've never truly been, you know, hurt or they don't really truly know what happiness is, you know what I'm saying.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, and
Matt Huss III: Yeah, and and so that that's that that's what I mean by bait. Yeah. Basically, it scares me to be that consistent
Matt Huss III: I oh I was on this medication on time for
Matt Huss III: They get for bipolar illness.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: I was my shrink just we just, it was just something we tried one time.
Matt Huss III: And it made me a zombie like no emotion. No, like I didn't even laugh at funny stuff for comedy movies. I was just a zombie and
Matt Huss III: You know, I got rid of it. I just stopped taking it as, you know, very, very soon after feeling that way because and that's what scares me about
Matt Huss III: You know, staying
Matt Huss III: Clean and boring.
Matt Huss III: You know what I mean not boring but
Matt Huss III: You know that it's kind of
Matt Huss III: I'm scared to get off that roller coaster that sometimes
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, your life is just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just beginning in so many different areas. And when you become comfortable in your own skin.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're able to combat the negativity that goes on inside your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And take a look at. Take a look at yourself from another perspective, you start becoming okay with who you are and the more that you become okay with who you are, the more you start accepting who you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece and you are in a grief grief cycle with, you know, with your drug of choice with you're using
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it was a coping skill for a very long time, and it has been, you know, it's not there any longer. And you've got to find other avenues that can fill its spot and nothing's ever going to fill it the way that it did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But when you take a look at, you know, being under the influence and feeling that that was the great way to be is because you're not looking at the downside of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The whole thing to say it's good for me. I feel like the abuse cycle is a lot like the addictive cycle, right. So why people one question about you, about people that stay in abusive relationships. Why do they stay. Why do we keep getting high. So here's the deal.
Matt Huss III: That a woman that's got
Matt Huss III: That gets beaten by her husband, wife,
Matt Huss III: Day. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: The whole yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's that hope that it's going to get better. This is just a moment in time. And there's a fear of being without that person, regardless of how they're treating you. Same thing with your drug
Matt Huss III: You know know instead of the devil. You don't know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so there's that piece, but they're always hoping that it's going to change and get better. Right. And they forget the bad that they've been experiencing in that relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's a piece of it is that you have to, you can always remember the good times that you have, because you know every person that has become addicted to something always had good times for cereals and would have more than
Matt Huss III: One, why do we, why do we, why are we always missing those and never not thinking about how horrible it has made our lives, you know, or how horrible it has made us feel at times.
Matt Huss III: Or
Matt Huss III: You know, miserable or how sick or in jail or
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that that's, yeah, that when I was going through that whole thing of, you know,
Matt Huss III: Missing the highs and lows. I was thinking I was just thinking about the highs, you know, and not thinking about just, I was thinking about lows, but not not the you don't
Matt Huss III: Like brain doesn't allow you to think about just how low you did go you know just just let you go to the low that you're okay with buddy.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, you just thought you totally don't think about
The real bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's an important piece that you have to make yourself bring up you know when you start having those thoughts of it and that fear around, you know, not having it anymore. But you really got to think about what how bad it really got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and put yourself back in that piece to realize that you started this whole process for a reason.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the reason
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the memories are cool and they're there, and they'll always be there. But, you know, going back into it. The misery is just waiting for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you going to do this week.
Matt Huss III: Start a journal
Matt Huss III: Try not to. Well, it's a good thing. I'm not. I'm pro gun control. So chance me blow my brains out.
Matt Huss III: From
Matt Huss III: being trapped in here.
Matt Huss III: That's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Matt Huss III: That was, that was a joke. So
Matt Huss III: I forget sometimes who I'm talking to the thing you have to like, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We would have to do a whole safety plan around that if you're
Matt Huss III: Sorry about that.
Matt Huss III: Oh god. What else was it um
Matt Huss III: Whenever I think about
Matt Huss III: You know, getting afraid of being normal. I have to think about the real lows.
Matt Huss III: That have that it has. I've been through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It even if you write it down like in your journal, you know, don't focus on the good points but focus on the, the, the, the ways that it has hurt or hindered your life. Write them down. And when you start, start getting in that fear of not having it read it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's what's waiting and you have to remember. Matthew that you're that addiction, has one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that it's to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the bottom line, you know, they talked about jails institutions of death at the end of it, and that is the reality of where it goes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean,
Matt Huss III: Why, why is that an aspect of our brain chemistry. I wonder
Matt Huss III: Like
Matt Huss III: This, you know, nobody can answer that, you know, and if made might never be able to or someday they will, but for sure, but who knows I'm just curious why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something to research and
Matt Huss III: Why we are so yeah self defeating sometimes and so
Matt Huss III: Yeah, but oh and I'm trying to eat healthier, but not going as well as, oh, but trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least you're trying. Right. That's all you can do is try and when we fail at trying something one day we get up a we try again the next day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until we get it right, just like being in sobriety, you know, relapse can be a part of someone's story right you get up and you do it again, you get up and you do it again until something sticks and you're able to do it.
Matt Huss III: Right, yeah. Yeah, I wanna, I want to start a
Matt Huss III: Normal sleep pattern where I go to sleep at the same time and wake up at the same time. And then as soon as I wake up, you know, take a shower, get dressed brush my teeth, instead of but that one is going to be hard being stuck in the house now, I think I'll start that one when we're not
Matt Huss III: Sure.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just those little
Matt Huss III: Try to paint. Honestly, but it's all packed.
Matt Huss III: Away now in the storage unit. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would rather you right just start
Matt Huss III: Writing. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, right, a list of the negative things that you're use brought into your life. So you have that in the forefront and then write every day and I really want you to also identify some some positive good things about yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I believe that that is a huge issue to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That really drives a lot of fear.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, cuz i mean i i tried to tell myself, stuff like that. And I don't truly, I don't think I truly believe it, you know, even when somebody says it to me or about me. I don't
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You put that in your vocabulary yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a process. All right. It is a process when we have had this negative image of ourselves for so long that it's not going to happen overnight. It's going to be something that you have to continually work at. And I'll help you work at it. I hope you but
Matt Huss III: Well, old may 15 apparently
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: During our session.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll cram it and I'll create during a recession, but it's vitally important that you realize the good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you read, you remember the bad of your addiction and where it took you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you remember the good of Matthew, because there's a lot of good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot of good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's gonna come a point in time where you're going to be able to look me in the eyes when I say that before our time is done working together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, because it's important that you grab ahold of that. And it's important that you identify those good things within yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet you that if you got your daughter on the phone, your daughter can definitely give you a list of good things about her dad.
Matt Huss III: They would still totally not outweigh the bad so done much more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not asking you to outweigh the bad I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not asking it out way that what I'm asking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you to do is to identify period to first step.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just to identify
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mr philosopher
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm sorry.
Matt Huss III: About that.
As well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So every time that we get together. I'm going to give you some positive affirmations to think about. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because Matthew him. You know, I've worked with you for for a little while and you know you're good, good human being you care about people, you know, you're hard worker. You definitely are doing the best that you can do as far as school goes and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I see with your roommate over there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're pretty good friend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As well and just those basic qualities that I just mentioned are hard to come by for people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime that you have a negative thought about yourself about who you are or who you're becoming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There lies. They're not true.
Matt Huss III: That's just something I just don't think about it at all.
Matt Huss III: That might be one of those things that it will happen. You know what, I'm always anxious, even though I'm dedicated
Matt Huss III: But I can't pinpoint
Matt Huss III: I can never pinpoint what I'm anxious about maybe it's just that's
Matt Huss III: One of those things that I'm bottling down, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It definitely is. And so, you know, let's let's work on these things so that we can kind of, you know, get you to a point of acceptance, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you willing to work with me on it.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, I've come, actually that's that's progress that I've made. I'm actually
Matt Huss III: Trying to
Matt Huss III: And willing to
Matt Huss III: Work on myself. I've never ever done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get busy.
Matt Huss III: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we have, you have a couple things to do. And so, next week when we get together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me how your progresses with your journaling and it's something simple. So your don't become overwhelmed with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With this stuff because you got school and you are, you've got homework and you've got, you know, this packing and stuff, but I really want you to pull your journal out if you would please and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Like
Matt Huss III: I feel like if I have a like I'll get overwhelmed. If I feel like I have to write a page or at least
Matt Huss III: You don't
Matt Huss III: There's no one thing I'll do it myself.
Matt Huss III: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have to
Matt Huss III: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have to write a page.
I'm not asking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you have thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In one sentence perfectly okay but it is a beginning of a pattern that we're going to try to create
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. If you don't feel like writing and you just want to write not feeling it today, totally okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no worry about disappointment. There's no worry about not being good enough. There's no worry about
Matt Huss III: Help if I'm not. If I don't if I really don't feel like it and really cannot do it. Does it help if I just write that down.
Matt Huss III: Yes, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope it, there is a point to it. And it's because it still gets you in the habit.
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah, I can see how yeah okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you have days that go by that say, and you put in there. I'm not feeling it. I'm not feeling it might be three or four days later, where you do feel it and you are able to write, but it's just beginning, that that habit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, alright. So, I will see you next week, same time, same place. Mm hmm. All right, and in the meantime.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get out of your head. Okay.
Matt Huss III: Always trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Philosophy has got some some really great
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Readings on self awareness and on why we think
Matt Huss III: It's so it's so hard to find real stuff and then that like self help stuff, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you can decipher it. That's another piece of it because they're the wording and the writing of it is so different than normal writing that you have to concentrate on what it's telling you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I remember I went there for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Philosophy Castillo
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So anyways, I'm gonna let you go. I've got my next person coming in but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work within the realms that you've been given and find find good find things to do. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deal. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will see you next week, same time, same place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sheila. Okay. All right. Bye. Matthew